SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2023 OpenAI's GPT-3.5 via ChatGPT
SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0

Terms of Service for Sidings Media

Welcome to Sidings Media! These Terms of Service ("Terms") govern your
access to and use of the website located at https://sidingsmedia.com and
any subdomains thereof (collectively, the "Website"), operated by
Sidings Media. By accessing or using the Website, you agree to be bound
by these Terms.If you do not agree to these Terms, you may not use the
Website.

Use of Website

You may use the Website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with
these Terms. You agree not to use the Website:

* In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local, or 
  international law or regulation
* To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or 
  promotional material without our prior written consent
* To impersonate or attempt to impersonate Sidings Media, a Sidings 
  Media employee, another user, or any other person or entity
* To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's 
  use or enjoyment of the Website, or which, as determined by us, may 
  harm Sidings Media or users of the Website or expose them to 
  liability

Intellectual Property

The content on the Sidings Media website, including text, graphics,
images, and other materials, is protected by copyright and other
intellectual property laws. The content is licensed under the Creative
Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License (CC-BY-SA-4.0),
unless otherwise stated.

The site design and theme are licensed under the Apache-2.0 License.

You may use, share, and adapt the content on the website, as long as you
give appropriate credit to Sidings Media and comply with the terms of
the CC-BY-SA-4.0 and Apache-2.0 licenses.

No Warranty

Sidings Media provides the website and its content on an "as-is" basis
without any warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. Sidings
Media disclaims all warranties, including but not limited to, implied
warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and
non-infringement.

Limitation of Liability

Sidings Media shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental,
special, or consequential damages arising out of or in connection with
the use or inability to use the website, or any content or services
provided on or through the website. This includes, but is not limited
to, damages for loss of profits, use, data, or other intangible losses,
even if Sidings Media has been advised of the possibility of such
damages.

Indemnification

You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Sidings Media, its
affiliates, licensors, and service providers, and its and their
respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents,
licensors, suppliers, successors, and assigns from and against any
claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs,
expenses, or fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of
or relating to your violation of these Terms or your use of the Website,
including, but not limited to, any use of the Website's content,
services, and products other than as expressly authorized in these Terms
or your use of any information obtained from the Website.

Governing Law and Jurisdiction

These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the United Kingdom, without giving effect to any principles of
conflicts of law. Any action arising out of or relating to these Terms
or your use of the Website shall be brought exclusively in the courts
located in the United Kingdom.

Termination

We may terminate or suspend your access to all or any part of the
Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice,
effective immediately. If you wish to terminate these Terms, you may
simply discontinue using the Website.

Changes to these Terms

We may revise and update these Terms from time to time at our sole
discretion. All changes are effective immediately when we post them, and
apply to all access to and use of the Website thereafter. Your continued
use of the Website following the posting of revised Terms means that you
accept and agree to the changes.

Attribution

These terms of service were generated by OpenAI's GPT-3.5 via ChatGPT
and is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0
International License(https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).


Contact Us

If you have any questions or concerns about these Terms, please contact
us at legal@sidingsmedia.com.
